Feat/Adding extended examples library. (#613)
pyansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/extended_examples/index.rst

  .. _ref_extended_examples:

Extended Examples Library
=========================

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 3

    ex_01-gmsh_example/ex_01-gmsh_example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Introduction
------------

> This is a library of extended examples. These examples aim to explain with more details other concepts such as interoperability with other programs, features development, etc.
> 
> This library is work-in-progress and it will be extended along the life of this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a set of extended examples. These examples aim to explain other concepts such as interoperability with other programs, libraries, and features in development.

These examples are a work-in-progress and will be extended during the life of this project.
```

Author: Good point, this is not a library.

> List of examples
> ----------------
> 
> 
> * :ref:`ref_extended_examples_ex01` . It demonstrate the interoperability between PyANSYS and ``gmsh`` meshing tool. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of examples
----------------
* :ref:`extended_example01` . Demonstrates the interoperability between PyMAPDL and the ``gmsh`` meshing library. 
```
